CAMEL-23520: camel-mail: option to lock recipients/sender/subject to … (#23969)
apache/camel: components/camel-mail/src/main/docs/mail-component.adoc

==== Opting out of header overrides (trust-boundary hardening)

For routes where message headers originate from an untrusted source (for
example messages bridged from an HTTP endpoint, a JMS queue, or a Kafka
topic), allowing inbound headers to override recipients, sender, or
subject can enable an attacker to redirect mail, forge the sender
address, or inject arbitrary subjects. Three opt-in `@UriParam` options
let you lock the endpoint configuration so it cannot be overridden by
message headers:

[options="header"]
|===
| Option               | Default | Effect when set to `false`
| `useHeaderRecipients`| `true`  | Endpoint URI to/cc/bcc always used; To/CC/BCC headers ignored.
| `useHeaderFrom`      | `true`  | Endpoint URI from always used; From/Sender headers ignored.
| `useHeaderSubject`   | `true`  | Endpoint URI subject always used; Subject header ignored.
|===

All three default to `true` so existing behaviour is preserved. Example:

[source,java]
----
.to("smtp://relay@mailhost?to=safe@mycompany.com&from=noreply@mycompany.com"
  + "&useHeaderRecipients=false&useHeaderFrom=false");
----

> NOTE: These options do *not* strip the headers from the exchange. See the xref:manual::security-model.adoc#_deployment_hardening[Camel Security Model]

Reviewer: Minor doc fix: this line ends without a period, and the link text says "Camel Security Model" but targets the `#_deployment_hardening` anchor. Suggestion:

```suggestion
NOTE: These options do *not* strip the headers from the exchange. See the xref:manual::security-model.adoc#_deployment_hardening[Deployment hardening] section of the Security Model.
```
